{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red59\green182\blue60;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\b\f0\fs28 Chat Log   C:\\Users\\bh49666\\Documents\\ChatLog AZURE TRAINING _ 6_30AM IST _ VSP Innovations 2021_03_22 21_13.rtf\b0\par
\cf2\par
\cf3\b babu Ambati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:05 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Pallavi Chinnala (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:05 PM: yes/yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sindhu (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:05 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Pashupathi (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:05 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Ravi Ranga (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:05 PM: Yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Vuppala, Kiran (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:05 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Ranjit Devatha (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:05 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Karthik A (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:05 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Rashmi (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:05 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sairatan Nangunuri (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:05 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Krishna K (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:05 PM: yes \cf2\par
\cf3\b babu Ambati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:09 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Vikram Pampati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:09 PM: sure\cf2\par
\cf3\b Vuppala, Kiran (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:09 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Srinivas (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:09 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Srinivas (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:12 PM: what is below host operating system\cf2\par
\cf3\b Ramesh T (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:13 PM: is hypervisor similar to vmware?\cf2\par
\cf3\b Vikram Pampati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:13 PM: does Hypervisor always run on OS layer? or can OS run on Hypervisor as well?\cf2\par
\cf3\b Raghava Kattamudi (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:14 PM: Can u also talk about dockers in this context\cf2\par
\cf3\b Ramesh T (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:19 PM: IT Admin\cf2\par
\cf3\b Ramesh T (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:20 PM: UPS, generator\cf2\par
\cf3\b babu Ambati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:22 PM: engage the vendor for support or have to form a Infra support team which is expensive.\cf2\par
\cf3\b Nalla, Sri (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:25 PM: security\cf2\par
\cf3\b Nalla, Sri (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:26 PM: services\cf2\par
\cf3\b Nalla, Sri (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:27 PM: no\cf2\par
\cf3\b babu Ambati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:27 PM: no\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sudarshan K (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:28 PM: no\cf2\par
\cf3\b Ramesh T (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:28 PM: transfering the risk\cf2\par
\cf3\b Rammi Maddi (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:28 PM: Can you please repeat what is *24*30 once again... thank you.\cf2\par
\cf3\b kp (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:28 PM: How about licences?\cf2\par
\cf3\b Rammi Maddi (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:29 PM: What is the significance of number of Virtual Servers?\cf2\par
\cf3\b Rammi Maddi (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:29 PM: So it depends on the volume that we need?\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sridhar Parepalli (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:32 PM: For the applications that run in a JVM, who's resposible for setting the JVM heap size and where is it done?\cf2\par
\cf3\b babu Ambati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:32 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Vuppala, Kiran (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:32 PM: Yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sudarshan K (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:32 PM: Yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Nalla, Sri (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:32 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b SD (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:32 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Motiram Kurapati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:32 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Srinivas (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:32 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Srinath Pottam (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:32 PM: Yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sairatan Nangunuri (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:32 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Ramesh T (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:32 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Rashmi (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:32 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sindhu (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:32 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Naga Anusha (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:32 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sridhar Parepalli (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:32 PM: For the applications that run in a JVM, who's resposible for setting the JVM heap size and where is it done?\par
\cf2\par
\cf3\b babu Ambati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:34 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sridhar Parepalli (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:35 PM: Yes, please\cf2\par
\cf3\b Karthik A (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:35 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Rammi Maddi (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:37 PM: Can you install it in your D drive or only in the boot drive?\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sairatan Nangunuri (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:38 PM: yez\cf2\par
\cf3\b babu Ambati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:38 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Venkat (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:38 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Motiram Kurapati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:38 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Suresh Potti (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:38 PM: installation is in progress\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sairatan Nangunuri (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:38 PM: yes*\cf2\par
\cf3\b Vuppala, Kiran (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:38 PM: Yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Srinivas (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:38 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Raju Cherukuri (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:38 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Srinath Pottam (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:38 PM: Yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b babu Ambati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:40 PM: 3\cf2\par
\cf3\b Rashmi (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:40 PM: 3\cf2\par
\cf3\b Rammi Maddi (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:43 PM: Once we finish testing this, will there be a way to release this virtual hard disk safely?\cf2\par
\cf3\b Ramesh T (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:46 PM: is ubuntu open source like linux?\cf2\par
\cf3\b Rammi Maddi (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:47 PM: So my basic question is... when we partition our hard disk using Oracle VirtualBox, is it going to stay as a partition or can I merge it back to my original hard disk again?\cf2\par
\cf3\b babu Ambati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:51 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Venkat (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:51 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Vuppala, Kiran (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:51 PM: Yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sudarshan K (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:51 PM: Yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Srinivas (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:51 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Rashmi (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:51 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Aashrith (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:51 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Ramesh T (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:51 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b babu Ambati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:52 PM: on job all these softwares and OS images are provided by the company\cf2\par
\cf3\b babu Ambati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:52 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Srinivas (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:52 PM: are we going to use this ser4ver during our course.. dont think so as we are going to have trial accounts of azure\cf2\par
\cf3\b Suresh Potti (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:52 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Srinivas (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:54 PM: your voice is actually dragging..or breaking.. not sure it same for all..\cf2\par
\cf3\b Srinivas (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:54 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b babu Ambati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:54 PM: ina  way this is behind the scene how VM is bulit\cf2\par
\cf3\b Srinivas (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:54 PM: better\cf2\par
\cf3\b venkat  (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:54 PM: no\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sridhar Parepalli (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:54 PM: I can hear you fine\cf2\par
\cf3\b Veera (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:54 PM: good.\cf2\par
\cf3\b Vuppala, Kiran (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:54 PM: yes its better\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sindhu (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:54 PM: better\cf2\par
\cf3\b Srinivas (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:55 PM: understood..thx\cf2\par
\cf3\b babu Ambati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:56 PM: no\cf2\par
\cf3\b Motiram Kurapati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:56 PM: no\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sindhu (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:56 PM: no\cf2\par
\cf3\b Suresh Potti (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:56 PM: no\cf2\par
\cf3\b kalpana badam (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:56 PM: yes\cf2\par
\cf3\b Rashmi (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:56 PM: In cloud, will the Storage be reserved when we use pay as you go on the hourly basis? \cf2\par
\cf3\b Ramesh T (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:56 PM: it is good to know what happens behind the scenes\cf2\par
\cf3\b babu Ambati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:56 PM: we need to know the basics about VM\cf2\par
\cf3\b Srinivas (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:56 PM: pls continue..\cf2\par
\cf3\b SD (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:56 PM: the VM machine which we have created using oracle virtual box, can we access from other PC?\cf2\par
\cf3\b Ramesh T (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:57 PM: you can get sandbox on the cloud also right?\cf2\par
\cf3\b SD (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:58 PM: RDP?\cf2\par
\cf3\b SD (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:59 PM: Got it Thanks Kumar\cf2\par
\cf3\b Kushal (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 8:59 PM: so every VM gets a public IP address?\cf2\par
\cf3\b Venkat (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:00 PM: no\cf2\par
\cf3\b Suresh Potti (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:00 PM: no\cf2\par
\cf3\b Ravi Ranga (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:00 PM: NO\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sindhu (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:00 PM: no\cf2\par
\cf3\b Rashmi (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:00 PM: no\cf2\par
\cf3\b Veera (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:01 PM: can you elaborate a bit on the image? if i have an app which i want to deploy, do i need to create an image containing the app+OS ?\cf2\par
\cf3\b Ramesh T (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:03 PM: can you please show the previous slide again?\cf2\par
\cf3\b Pallavi Chinnala (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:04 PM: Can we create on windows home\cf2\par
\cf3\b Ramesh T (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:04 PM: virtualization slide please\cf2\par
\cf3\b Ramesh T (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:04 PM: no question\cf2\par
\cf3\b Vikram Pampati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:04 PM: can VM use the devices connected to host machine?\cf2\par
\cf3\b Veera (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:04 PM: can you elaborate a bit on the image? if i have an app which i want to deploy, do i need to create an image containing the app+OS ?\cf2\par
\cf3\b Suresh Potti (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:05 PM: Do you want us to create a Windows VM using virtual box as an assignement?\cf2\par
\cf3\b Rammi Maddi (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:05 PM: My question stands... when we delete the VM, what happens to the partition?\cf2\par
\cf3\b Veera (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:05 PM: sure\cf2\par
\cf3\b Suresh Potti (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:06 PM: ok, thanks\cf2\par
\cf3\b Veera (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:06 PM: why did not the VM boot initially when we did not select the image but selected the type of OS?\cf2\par
\cf3\b Veera (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:06 PM: but we selected the type of OS\cf2\par
\cf3\b venkat  (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:07 PM: If my laptop is 16gb - can we have 3 VM with 8 gb each  assuming not all VMs are running at the same time.\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sridhar Parepalli (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:08 PM: Don't know if this is a crazy question, will there be a situation we can have the Hypervisor to use the host OS as the Guest OS? \cf2\par
\cf3\b venkat  (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:08 PM: ok\cf2\par
\cf3\b Srinivas (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:09 PM: thanks.. Good Day!\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sridhar Parepalli (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:09 PM: if the guest OS is same as host OS, do we still need the guest OS?\cf2\par
\cf3\b Venkat (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:10 PM: what host operating system these cloud operators like aws and azure use generally\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sridhar Parepalli (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:10 PM: gotcha!\cf2\par
\cf3\b Venkat (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:11 PM: thanks \cf2\par
\cf3\b Ramesh T (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:11 PM: why wouldn't use the proprieatay windows os?\cf2\par
\cf3\b Ramesh T (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:11 PM: *Azue\cf2\par
\cf3\b Ramesh T (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:11 PM: got it\cf2\par
\cf3\b Ramesh T (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:11 PM: thanks\cf2\par
\cf3\b Rashmi (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:12 PM: Can you have a nested VM s?\cf2\par
\cf3\b babu Ambati (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:13 PM: yes, very nicely explained about VM and how to install one.\cf2\par
\cf3\b SD (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:13 PM: Your are very articulative Thanks \cf2\par
\cf3\b Sreenu Challa (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:13 PM: Thank you!\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sridhar Parepalli (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:13 PM: Thank you!\cf2\par
\cf3\b Vuppala, Kiran (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:13 PM: Thank you \cf2\par
\cf3\b MALLIK KARAMSETTY (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:13 PM: thank you Kumar\cf2\par
\cf3\b Sindhu (to Everyone)\b0 : \cf1 9:13 PM: Thank you\cf0\par
}
 